V) == DONE
?) == NEED TESTING
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

V) Implement horizontal flip for AVI format
V) Make the horizontal flip the default option
V) Remove the vertical flip option or implement a vertical flip for AAV format
V) Make a Beep when starting and stopping a recording
V) Implement NTP Server time synchronisation every 10 min
V) Test XviD recording. It has been reported that stopping the recording crashes OccuRec
V) "Rec" should not be enabled for "Integrating" cameras if "Lock" hasn't been pressed
V) Refactor the AAV native code and remove all unused 12 and 16 bit stuff

EASY:

?) The integrated FrameId should increase gradually (by 1) when a new integrated frame is detected
v) Implement integration frame "Unlock-ing". Reconsider renaming the button to something else
V) AAV should be usable without OCR i.e. add setting to turn on OCR (turned off by default)
V) Make it possible to run in AAV mode using a simmulated video rather than live images from the camera
V) Print the failed OCR chars in red, rather than yellow, on the error image
V) OccuRec should be usable without IOTA-VTI-OCR-Settings.xml. Add parameters for TimestampTop and TimestampHeight  
V) Allow the user to modify the image size (if possible at all at DirectShow level !)
V) Display the framerate supported by the capture hardware 
- Test the integration detection algorithm without the [signatureDifferenceFactor * pastSignaturesSigma] factor. Find out the reasoning behind using this factor and document it as needed	
- Complete the integration detection calibration, make it find the best settings. Use this test data:
- "Calibrate" should not be available when the integration is Locked (hidden or disabled?)
- Implement dropped frame check in unmanaged world and return it as a number (count) since the integration has been LOCKED

HARDER:

V) Implement 1x and x2 integration frame recognition
V) Implement Differential Coding Compression for AAV 8 bit format
V) Ensure that the start/end timestamps are not overwritten in the process of stacking images.
V) When recording an AAV file always save one extra single frame after the last integration period, in order to solve any timestamp ambiguity issues
V) The saved settings are forgotten after releasing a new version. This will need to be fixed.
- Remove the x1 integration (or make it lockable in a different way). Then if no integration is detected for a long time for cameras that are selected as "Integrating" then
try to analyze the signatures and make suggestions (e.g. "Try to increase the gain" in a case where the sigantures are too small or "AAV mode is designed for recording star fields." if they appear to be day light signatures)
- Make it so GetNextFrame() returns a bitmap image bytes so no time is wasted converting bitmaps to arrays and back to bitmaps. May be define another generic output format [24bpp bitmap]

OCR Implemntation:

V) Implement an AVI simulator (that plays an AVI file rather than AAV)
V) Complete the OCR tuning using simulated videos
- Implement the OCR in unmanaged code
- Implement a 'live' OCR testing without crashing and with logging of all errors
- Successfully run a live test for 24 hours without any errors

