V) == DONE
?) == NEED TESTING
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

General & Bugfixes:

- Make it so GetNextFrame() returns a bitmap image bytes so no time is wasted converting bitmaps to arrays and back to bitmaps. May be define another generic output format [24bpp bitmap]

OCR Implemntation:

- Successfully run a live test for 24 hours without any errors


Telescope Control:

- Get a working COM port and cable to connect to the LX200ACF and test with C2A
- Make it possible to select target and comparison star and implement 'tracking'
- Implement focusing 
- Implement guiding (keeping the selected target at the initial position sending telescope tracking pulses)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------


V) Implement horizontal flip for AVI format
V) Make the horizontal flip the default option
V) Remove the vertical flip option or implement a vertical flip for AAV format
V) Make a Beep when starting and stopping a recording
V) Implement NTP Server time synchronisation every 10 min
V) Test XviD recording. It has been reported that stopping the recording crashes OccuRec
V) "Rec" should not be enabled for "Integrating" cameras if "Lock" hasn't been pressed
V) Refactor the AAV native code and remove all unused 12 and 16 bit stuff
v) Implement integration frame "Unlock-ing". Reconsider renaming the button to something else
V) AAV should be usable without OCR i.e. add setting to turn on OCR (turned off by default)
V) Make it possible to run in AAV mode using a simmulated video rather than live images from the camera
V) Print the failed OCR chars in red, rather than yellow, on the error image
V) OccuRec should be usable without IOTA-VTI-OCR-Settings.xml. Add parameters for TimestampTop and TimestampHeight  
V) Allow the user to modify the image size (if possible at all at DirectShow level !)
V) Display the framerate supported by the capture hardware 
V) Complete the integration detection calibration, make it find the best settings
V) "Calibrate" should not be available when the integration is Locked (hidden or disabled?)
V) Implement dropped frame check in unmanaged world and return it as a number (count) since the integration has been LOCKED
V) Add an AVI file level metadata about (1) the name of the grabbing device used and (2) the video mode used
V) When recording an AAV video don't add the first and last non-integrated timestamps
V) Reported Dropped Frames seems to be hidden when the currently reported dropped frames are zero or the dropped frames don't get added up. Check with laptop camera and x3 locked integration
V) Don't overlay OCRed timestamps unless in Simulated mode with Managed OCR engine
V) Make the START and END timestamped saved as status fields in the AAV - strings of the actually OCR-ed data from the fields (rather than int64 ticks)
V) Implement 1x and x2 integration frame recognition
V) Implement Differential Coding Compression for AAV 8 bit format
V) Ensure that the start/end timestamps are not overwritten in the process of stacking images.
V) When recording an AAV file always save one extra single frame after the last integration period, in order to solve any timestamp ambiguity issues
V) The saved settings are forgotten after releasing a new version. This will need to be fixed.
V) Implement an AVI simulator (that plays an AVI file rather than AAV)
V) Complete the OCR tuning using simulated videos
V) Implement the OCR in unmanaged code
V) Implement OCR errors processor and counter in unmanaged world. Return the error count as status field
V) Record the Tracked Satellites + GPS info in the AAV file
V) Fix the OCRed and recorded timestamps in the AAV file. Fix OCRed timestampes returned in both locked and unlocked mode
V) Make the OCR engine to consider which field is first (even or odd). Check with IOTA VTI Configuration 
V) Implement a 'live' OCR testing without crashing and with logging of all errors
V) Implement a second integration detection based on locking at user specified integration rate. Add options in the settings form for "Automatic" or "Manually Specified" integration processing
V) Add a 'SystemTime' status field in the AAV recorded file
V) Fix the x2 Integration Detection
V) Fix the x1 integration lock - the timestamps never seem to be preserved
V) Implement OCR test action that will start recording an AAV file but will only record single frames for which the OCR integration has failed
V) Change the recording buffer to use an array rather than std::list
V) Pass the "Max Errors" item when running OCR testing and stop recording after that many errors have been flagged
V) Add an error code when OCR verification fails (and save it in the test OCR file or put it on the debug image) so it is more obvious what is the problem
V) Complete the unmanaged OCR verification based on expected frame/integration period field numbers and expected frame/integration period duration 
V) The integrated FrameId should increase gradually (by 1) when a new integrated frame is detected